How is that possible?
He's a poor junk
How could he have such a big face?
Contract and reasonable
It's all up to you
Wenwen, the face of this dead girl
He's a loser.
Why should he
How is that possible?
You're a crippled daughter
How could he?
This is impossible
That's not possible.
A rubbish school rubbish coach
Teach a trash student
Why do you have more face than me, the provincial champion?
What province are you in?
Mr. Yang, if you don't make it clear
It's just wrong to bully us on purpose
You are deliberately bullying us.
If you don't make it clear, bully us.
Pretty good.
You bunch!
Dog-eyed guy
Since you are not convinced
I'll convince you